You, go be Xuerou's bodyguard first
Develop feelings slowly
How is it?
Uncle Chen, you are our savior
Since you ordered
I will do it
Or do you have a pattern?
I believe it.
You must be able to impress Xuerou
Then it's decided.
Ok
This is the key to Xuerou Longwan Villa.
How about you go find him yourself?
I'll tell him.
Yeah, OK.
Villa 8 Panlong Bay
Dead security smelly security
Don't pee, take a picture of yourself and see what virtue you have
Still want to marry me
It's like a toad wants to eat swan meat
Mr. Huang
I will only be with you in my life
Not with anyone else
My first love is for you
Who?
Lord Xi Huang
Lord Jade Emperor
It's really you?